I received a lot of requests to talk about the loophole in iPhone devices - those that
If you send this message via a message, the receiver phone will hang.
Now there are a lot of theories, Apple has not confirmed any of them.
I have not seen any in-depth analysis. So, this combination of some explanations
More realistic that I found
And also my experience on this phone.
Idea # 1: It does not always work. It is not like the old iPhone loophole
If you try to render certain text anywhere in the operating system.
This is a minute .. It should appear in the dropdown notices banner,
And sometimes works .. This is an idea: what happens to the text in the dropdown notices banner
And does not happen anywhere else? abbreviation. You see the first letters ..
The first words, then point point point at the end.
Directly, here is an indication of the problem. Because shortening text is not an easy process
As you might think.
Apple is smart. They do not cut text based on the number of bytes, the naive way to do it.
If they do, the phones will collapse constantly for those who use emoticons.
And do not interrupt the text based on a specified number of characters as well.
For iPhone Specifies how much text you can display based on screen size
The font size in which notifications are displayed, and the content of the message itself.
It always cuts a character, not a byte. Can you display the full message? Great .. view them all.
Is the text too large? So, how many characters can be displayed?
Well, what's the odd thing about this letter? For people in England, the United States, and more ..
Contains Arabic text. Not a plain text, but a strange Arabic text!
Text with the composition, those signs that are above and below the letters (explains the movements).
Here is the stud of the Persians. English words at first is not a problem, and the shapes in the end as well.
You can put any text there, as long as the pieces
Be somewhere in the middle of the mixture of Arabic letters.
We can say - somewhat - that the problem with dealing with the Arabic text. This is almost obvious.
IPhone tries to cut off the strange Arabic word from the middle .. It fails for some reason
And somewhere there, there is the defect that leads to the collapse of the device.
This part we are almost certain of. Here's my expectation: It seems logical when it is
You remove a character by pressing the clear button, the length of the text becomes shorter.
But in Arabic, this is not always the case.
Arabic text is something really interesting: the letters have multiple forms
The character changes its shape based on its position in the word at first, in the middle or end of the word.
I found some texts - I do not know if they are used on a daily basis - where adding a character makes the word shorter !!
So that if this text is cut from the middle, the output will be longer than the original text before cutting.
So I guess, the phone tries to calculate how many characters can be displayed on the screen,
And finds a strange text so that if it is cut it becomes longer.
This looks like an unexpected event that will cause a bug in the code
Written mostly by people who write in English.
But what do you know? We have to wait and see if Apple will find a solution after the problem,
Or will be resolved in the next version.